Adding docs for Guzzle7 (#279)
php-http/documentation: clients/guzzle7-adapter.rst

Guzzle 7 Adapter
================

> An HTTPlug adapter for the `Guzzle 7 HTTP client`_. Guzzle 7 will support PSR-18

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An HTTPlug adapter for the `Guzzle 7 HTTP client`_. Guzzle 7 supports PSR-18
```

> out of the box. This adapter makes sense if you want to use HTTPlug async interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
out of the box. This adapter makes sense if you want to use HTTPlug async interface or to use
Guzzle 7 with a library that did not upgrade to PSR-18 yet and depends on ``php-http/client-implementation``.
```
